[gasps]
[ANZ]
It's made especially for you!
Wow, did you prepare
all this food yourself?
Yep!
Oh. The town pitched
in their resources
to give you a little
something extra.
[YUNA]
A miniature mountain of rice?!
[ANZ whimpers]
[YUNA squeals]
You like it?
[ANZ gasps]
[YUNA]
Miss Anz...
wanna open a Wa restaurant
in Crimonia with me?
I'll fund the whole venture
and even find a location!
I beg you... say yes!
[ANZ yells]
I'm happy for the offer,
but Crimonia is so far away!
If I moved, I'd never
be able to see my family.
Not to mention how tough it'd be
to get my hands on fresh fish!
One second. I just gotta
handle the travel problem?
Deal! No take backsies, okay?
[gasping]
Soon I'll be able to eat
food from Wa whenever I want!
And I'll find a way
to make the travel easy!
[ATOLA]
Sounds like you're having fun.
Ah, Miss Atola!
Sorry to interrupt,
I just wanted to say thank you.
So...
I've found that helping
others helps me, too.
You truly are a humble girl.
If you don't mind, I actually
have a request for you.
Uh... for me?
[gasps] Welcome home, Yuna!
You made it!
Fina!
Aw, you're so sweet!
You came to meet me, huh?
I remembered you said
you'd be back today
and I couldn't wait.
Welcome home, Kumayuru!
[KUMAYURU squeaks]
Anyway, now that
you're finally home,
do you have some time to relax?
I hope so!
I'm sorry, Fina.
I have a time‐sensitive
request to fulfill.
[FINA gasps]
Oh, of course.
I guess there's no rest for
someone like you, huh, Yuna?
[YUNA]
Nope. I really am sorry, though.
[FINA] Mm‐mm. It's okay;
your work's important.
[NOIR]
Miss Yuna!
Hi!
[NOIR] We weren't expecting
your company! Ah!
Hold on, could it be that
you've come to visit with me?
Well, I have wished
to see you, too‐
[LALA]
Pardon me, my lady.
I believe that it's
time for your studies.
Come with me now, please.
[NOIR gasps]
Lala! Have mercy!
I just wanna spend
a bit more time...
Uh, have fun studying, Noa!
[YUNA chuckles]
[CLIFF]
Hm.
The port town of Mileela wishes
to go under the wing of Crimonia
and receive the protection
of our kingdom, eh?
[YUNA]
Yep, and somehow I ended up
as the mediator
between you guys.
So what d'ya think?
[CLIFF sighs] Well, I'm
afraid it's a bit complicated.
Why, though? You could
expand your borders.
Have you forgotten about
the Elezent Mountains?
They're far too
hazardous to cross.
How would we even
negotiate with them,
much less protect their city?
We can't just fly
over them, you know.
Maybe not, but there's no reason
you couldn't use
a tunnel, right?
Sure, that's easy to say,
but digging a tunnel
through the Elezent Mountains
would take a great deal
of both time and capital.
I'd have to disagree. [chuckles]
[CLIFF]
Uh?
[gasps]
[YUNA]
I kinda already made one.
[CLIFF grunts]
Yuna, how'd you do this?
[YUNA] Hmm... I may
have used a little magic.
Dig and harden, dig and harden,
dig and harden, sleep,
dig and harden,
dig and harden, dig and harden.
Somethin' like that.
[CLIFF]
Uhh...
All right.
I'll make the journey
to Mileela on the morrow.
That soon?! For real?!
[YUNA grunts]
[MILAINE] So these are
the bears I've heard about!
[MILAINE giggles]
They're so fluffy!
Could you tell me why
Miss Milaine is here?
If we're planning
for the future,
the involvement of
the merchant's guild
will be important.
That's why she's coming, too.
Plus, I have some
personal interest
in setting up
trade with Mileela.
Despite that, you'd
have to go anyway
seeing as you're the guild
master of the Crimonia branch.
Oh, that makes sense.
Guild master?!
That's right.
Did I forget to tell you?
I'm starting to
wonder if you might be
a bit older than you
look, Miss Milaine.
I'm quite obviously
in my twenties.
Yeah... Sure.
[YUNA] Still though, there's a
pretty big difference
between 20 and 29.
Just saying...
[CLIFF] I am the lord of
Crimonia, Cliff Foschurose.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
And I'm Milaine,
the guild master of the
Crimonia merchant guild.
Thanks so much for having me.
[ATOLA]
Hi! I am Atola,
the guild master of the
adventurer's guild here.
I appreciate you both
making the journey
to our town even
though it's so far.
I thought you were gonna bring a
letter of response or something!
Why did you bring
these two here instead?
Well, they didn't
really give me a choice.
[stammers] Sorry, Yuna!
There's a lot happening
and I'm just kinda flustered.
Not only did you capture a band
of thieves and hunt a kraken,
but then you go
and dig a huge tunnel
between both of
the towns for us?
I seriously can't
thank you enough.
Yeah, uh, can we
talk about that?
I'd actually prefer if
you didn't tell anyone
about my involvement.
Don't you worry. We can say
the tunnel was a joint effort
between Crimonia and Mileela
as part of our new agreement.
So there's no need
to disclose your name.
Oh, thank goodness.
'Cause it would be super
embarrassing if people found out
that I dug a tunnel all
the way through the mountains
just so I could get my paws on
some rice, fresh seafood,
and a talented chef
who can cook food
from the Country of Wa.
[GROUP]
Uh...
[YUNA]
Anyway, it's in your hands now.
Yuna,
are you trying to tell us
you altered the landscape
of an entire mountain
range for personal gain?
We can't let that slide,
so we'll need your support
on the tunnel after all, okay?
Yep, we're depending
on your help, Yuna!
What? Hey...
I just wanna go back to
Crimonia so I can relax a bit.
Please?!
[FINA grunts]
Another lovely day.
I wonder if Yuna's
still busy with work.
[YUNA]
I'm back...
Huh?
Hey there.
[FINA]
Yuna?!
[chuckles] Sorry that
I've been so busy.
But things have
finally settled down.
Are you ready for
a quick journey?
Uh, a journey to where?
Besides, I really
think you should try
and get a little rest.
But I made a promise.
Now that I'm all finished
with things in Mileela,
we can go and visit the ocean.
[gasps]
And as long as it's
okay with your mom,
I'd like to take Shuri with us.
[FINA gasps]
Yeah. Good plan.
Especially since she couldn't
go with us to the capital...
[FINA chuckles]
[SHURI laughs]
[FINA] Wait, the ocean
is on the other side?
[YUNA]
Sure is.
This way, anyone
can cross without
having to go over the mountains.
How cool. I can't believe
you made this by yourself.
You're so amazing!
Well, it may seem that way,
but honestly the hardest
part of the whole endeavor
was stabilizing the cave
and the land around it.
[SHURI]
A bear!
See, sis? Right there!
It's a bear statue!
[FINA]
Um, Yuna?
Did...?
Please don't ask.
[FINA gasps]
[FINA, SHURI]
Ahh!
‐‐[FINA] Is that the ocean?
‐‐[SHURI] Oh, wow!
So pretty!
[YUNA giggles]
[YUNA] Come on, I'll show
you where we're staying.
You made another
bear house, Yuna?
It's huge!
[YUNA] Yep, I wanted
to make it extra big.
A sea‐side vacation home
large enough for the kids
from the orphanage or the staff
from the restaurant to use.
Y'know, to relax.
Oh, wow, you're so thoughtful...
Can we go look
at the ocean now?
Sure. Let's do it.
Hoo‐ray!
[YUNA]
Just be careful not to fall in.
[SHURI]
I can't wait!
[FINA, SHURI gasp]
Amazing! Look at all the boats!
Whoa! I just saw a fish jump!
That's so neat.
[FINA]
Yuna always goes out of her way
to teach me about
things I don't know.
Because of her, I've been
able to go lots of new places.
Thanks so much...
...Yuna.
[BOY 12A]
Miss Bear!
[YUNA]
Uh, uhh...
[BOY 12A] Hey, everyone!
Guess what!
The bear lady's here!
I'm so happy you've
come back to visit.
Here, these are
some of the fresh fish
that I caught earlier.
Help yourself!
[FISHER 12A]
Have some of mine, too!
We've been able to catch so much
now that the kraken is gone!
Would you like to try some
of the dried fish I made?
[FINA grunts]
Oh, wow. Miss Yuna's
really popular!
[NOIR] Miss Yuna!
I, Noa, have come to play!
[FINA]
One sec!
[NOIR gasps, screams]
What's the matter?
[NOIR] No way. I finished
all of my studies
as fast as possible,
so I could come play,
only to discover that Miss Yuna
is off hunting some monsters.
Yes. Sorry to tell you.
It's not your fault, Fina.
And more importantly,
I apologize for
interrupting your work.
Don't worry! You're not
interrupting me at all!
Though I am jealous
you got to have Miss Yuna
all to yourself in Mileela.
[FINA]
Mm... Well, not exactly.
You see, my little sister,
Shuri, went with us, too, and...
Yuna seems to be pretty popular
no matter where she goes.
[NOIR]
That's enough, Fina!
[gasps]
You're the V. P. of the M. B. F. C,
so you simply must
be more aggressive!
See? Just like me,
your club's president!
But I'm not the
same as you, Lady Noa.
Fina...
I shall leave things
at that for today.
But, please,
see that Miss Yuna gets this.
[YUNA]
I'm home.
[YUNA] It's from Miss
Ellalaura in the capital.
[FINA]
Lady Noa's mother?
[YUNA] Mm. Apparently,
princess Flora has been crying.
She's been asking
to see the bear girl.
Princess Flora?
Oh! So will you
go and visit her?
Of course. I can't just
leave a crying girl alone.
And it'll be quick
if I take Kumayuru.
Couldn't you just
use the Bear Gate?
No, I'd rather not.
It'll cause suspicion if I
use the transfer gate too much.
I know! Wanna tag along, Fina?
It'd make Kumakyu
happy to have a rider.
[gasps, grunts]
Uh, no, I'll pass.
I still have quite a lot
of harvesting work to do.
Uh. It's okay. I don't
mind if you take a break.
Harvesting is
my job, so I can't.
And castles and royalty
make me nervous,
so I should probably stay here.
If that's really how ya feel.
In that case, I'll leave
a few days worth of monsters
in the freezer of the
harvesting room for you.
[FINA chuckles]
Sounds good to me.
[FINA grunting]
[gasps]
[bear phone]
Kuma. Kuma‐‐
[FINA] Um, Hello?
[YUNA]
Hey, it's Yuna.
Yeah, I figured.
[YUNA] Sorry for
calling so late at night.
I just got home.
Great work on knocking out that
harvesting while I was gone.
[FINA]
Mm‐mm. I guess.
Anyway, I was wondering,
could we talk about tomorrow?
[YUNA] Oh, yeah, I'm actually
heading back to Mileela.
[FINA]
[YUNA]
I'd mentioned it, remember?
I told you about a girl chef who
could make Wa‐style cuisine?
I'm going to meet up
with her tomorrow.
Oh, I see. Okay.
[YUNA]
But don't worry;
I'll make sure to load you up
with some more monsters
before I go.
Oh, I know! I'll prepare some
lunch and pudding for you, too!
Yep. That sounds wonderful.
[YUNA]
Well, goodnight, then!
[gasps] Hold on a second!
[YUNA]
Huh? What's up?
It's just, that tomorrow, I...
[FINA]
Mm... I promise to do my best.
So have a good night.
[YUNA]
Thanks. Same to you!
There. I'm finally
finished. Good.
Is Yuna back yet?
[sighs]
Fina!
[yelps]
I finally did it, Fina!
I'm sorry, but, uh,
what are we talking about?
I'm feeling a
little bit confused!
[YUNA]
Miss Anz, the Wa chef,
finally agreed to
move to Crimonia!
[gasps] Oh. That's wonderful.
[YUNA] This is the Wa‐style
food that Miss Anz made.
So you wanna eat it together?
[FINA grunts] Mm‐hm.
Thanks for sharing with me.
It tastes great.
Delicious, right?!
[YUNA squeals]
So good!
I can't wait to open the shop.
I'll have to try
to find a good location
while Miss Anz finalizes
her preparations.
[FINA]
You look so happy. Congrats.
Of course!
Now I'll be able to eat
Japanese food here in Crimonia!
Man, I'm so lucky
that I was able to
find talented chefs like Miss
Morin and Miss Anz.
[FINA grunts]
Hey, Yuna, listen.
What? Don't tell me you're full.
No, actually I'd like to take a
break from harvesting for a bit.
[YUNA] Hm? Why, do you
have something to do?
Yeah, I wanna study
harvesting more.
So I was thinking of
shadowing Dad at the guild.
[clattering]
You hired me, but there's
still so much I don't know,
and I wanna make sure that I'm
useful to you!
[YUNA chuckles]
Don't be silly. You're
already super useful to me.
[FINA grunts]
Okay.
‐‐[FINA gasps]
‐‐[YUNA] Go for it.
I mean, if that's what you want.
Mm. Do your best.
[FINA]
Right...
I promise. Thank you, Yuna.
[YUNA yawns]
Good morning, Fina.
Need me to put out some
monsters for you to harvest or‐‐
[YUNA]
Fina?
I forgot. She took a break to
shadow her dad at the guild.
Guess I'll go look for a
location for Miss Anz's shop.
Jeez, Miss Milaine seemed
busier than usual today.
I wonder if digging that tunnel
has made life crazier
for the Merchant's Guild.
If so, I'll feel bad.
Well, at least I found a
good place for the shop.
Except now I don't really
have anything to do.
[snipping]
[GENTZ] That's right.
Avoid the tendons as you cut.
Good, you're doing great, Fina!
Yeah, but I'm nowhere
near as skilled
at harvesting as you are.
I gotta try harder.
[gasps]
[NOIR]
Miss Yuna!
Fina?
Miss Yuna! I finally
get to see you!
Noa.
[BOTH]
Kuma!
Oh, wow! What sort
of cuteness is this?
Miss Yuna, please
give me these cubs.
No dice.
I can't believe Fina
didn't tell me about this!
Some member of the Miss Bear Fan
Club.
Miss Bear what now?
Never mind! It doesn't matter!
Anyway, where's Fina today?
Oh. Well, you see...
So how is it?
[GENTZ sighs]
I was wondering, Fina.
Just how long do you
intend to shadow me?
Huh?! Uh, until I'm
a better harvester?
What's wrong?
[FINA gasps]
[NOIR sighs]
Typical Fina.
And after I told her
to be more aggressive.
It's so weird. I was
used to being on my own,
and honestly,
it was easier that way.
But lately, things have changed,
and my heart's started to
feel a little empty inside.
[gasps]
I eat, sleep, and do
whatever I wanna do,
so I should feel
happy, but I'm not,
and it's like something
is just missing.
[NOIR] In that case,
may I ask a question?
Uh?
Hypothetically,
if someone you knew began to
distance themselves from you
or avoid you entirely,
what would you do?
Nothing, I guess.
[NOIR]
What if... it was Fina?
[gasps]
[laughs]
I suppose there are things
that even you don't understand.
Well, duh, at the end of the day
I'm still just an ordinary girl.
Or a bear, I guess.
[BOTH laugh]
Sorry, but I've got something
that I need to take care of.
Thanks for the advice, Noa.
As acting president of
the Miss Bear Fan Club,
it is my duty to work for the
happiness of the club members
and Miss Yuna alike.
That said, I refuse to
lose to my bear rival.
I promise, Fina.
[FINA]
Recently, I realized something.
Yuna is somebody who is amazing
at everything she does,
and no matter where she goes,
people adore her.
I mean, that is true.
After all,
we wouldn't be a family
if it weren't for Yuna's help.
Because I owe her so much,
I couldn't just tell her that
I wanted to spend time with her.
I didn't want to
come off as selfish.
[FINA] I'm not a princess,
and I can't make delicious food.
I'm useless...
...except for
harvesting monsters.
Oh, wow.
You're always acting so mature.
Sometimes I forget
you're a ten‐year‐old kid.
It's okay.
You're allowed to be selfish.
Huh?
If you want some
time alone with Yuna,
just tell her that.
Go out there and
find your courage.
My courage?
Otherwise, you'll
be like the old me.
[FINA gasps]
Mm!
That's good advice.
Thank you, Dad!
[FINA gasps]
Fina.
[FINA]
Find your courage...
...and just tell her.
[FINA]
Uh!
Come on. There's somewhere
I really wanna take you.
[FINA]
Wait, this place...
You know I'm not from here.
My hometown's super far away.
It's so far that I'm
not sure I could get back
even if I decided to try.
[gasps]
[YUNA] Over there,
I did whatever I wanted
every single day.
But I was alone.
Hold on, really?
What about your mom and dad?
Or your friends?
[YUNA] Mm... Honestly,
I never needed them.
How sad.
Do you ever think
about going home?
[YUNA] Hmm... In all
the time I've been here,
I've never given serious
thought to going back there.
I'm not really
the type of person
who gets easily attached to
particular people or places.
[YUNA]
That's why
I initially didn't plan on
staying here in Crimonia.
And I certainly never
thought I would end up
hiring someone I just met...
...like a young
girl in the forest.
[gasps] Then why did you?
Please tell me, Miss Yuna.
How is it that
you can be so kind
when you barely even know me?
[YUNA]
There were a few reasons.
Like how I can't harvest or
that Gentz asked me to help you.
It's kinda hard to pin one down.
[YUNA]
But, you know,
after spending time with you,
being around you started to
feel so natural and comfortable.
And I've never felt that before.
In the end,
the reason doesn't matter.
[inaudible]
[YUNA]
Because now,
you're someone I care about.
[gasps] You really mean that?
[whimpers]
'Cause I... feel the same.
I care about you! And I want
us to spend more time together!
Just the two of us, okay?
Yeah, even if I'm a bear?
[FINA]
Miss Bear...
...you're not going
to eat me, are you?
[gasps]
I would never.
Hey there, Yuna! Welcome home.
Yeah, I'm home... Fina.